initial shaclc-grammars (#49)
w3c/shacl: shacl-compact-syntax/grammar/README.md

# Unifying SHACL-C Grammars
(Task: https://github.com/w3c/shacl/issues/37#issuecomment-1997655429 )

> As a first task of the SHACL Compact Syntax sub-WG, we look at proposed SHACLC grammars:

Reviewer: line 4 should change with line 1.
```suggestion
As a first task of the SHACL Compact Syntax sub-WG, we look at proposed SHACL-C grammars:
```

# Unifying SHACL-C Grammars
(Task: https://github.com/w3c/shacl/issues/37#issuecomment-1997655429 )

> As a first task of the SHACL Compact Syntax sub-WG, we look at proposed SHACL-C grammars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a first task of the SHACL Compact Syntax Task Force, we look at proposed SHACL-C grammars:
```
